All right, so
we've got our buttons styled.
Now we need to style our tour text.
So our tour text looks like this.
So it's got this curly Q kinda
thing going on here for the date.
That's the Pacifico font.
It's got the serif font here for The IVY.
And it's got a sans serif font here for
Oakheart, California.
And we can do this without
actually changing our HTML.
How cool is that?
So, how are we going to
go about doing this?
Anybody have any ideas?
Maybe the first thing
we should do is this.
Let us notice,
we're in the main element here.
We have a paragraph, we have a span class
of date, and we have a span class of club.
So maybe we should style date and club
first, cuz those are easy ones, right?
Okay, so what should I do here for date?
>> font-family: var(--cursive).
>> family: var(--cursive).
And for the club, is there anything
we need to do for the club?
No, we're good.
Okay, so there are ways that
we can style the Oakheart,
California part of this here,
the actual city,
that should be in the san serif font.
And because people ask for
wild and wonderful selectors,
I'm gonna show you my favorite
way of doing this first, okay?
So if we look at, pull up just that much
HTML here, here is one thing we could do.
We could say our paragraph,
has(.club).
Anybody seen this has selector before?
This is the selector that goes and
looks at parents.
So here we're saying if the paragraph
has a club class in it,
then the font family should be sans serif,
sorry,
var(--sans-serif;).
Did that work?
I might have to move this up.
I think I actually have to move this up.
I have to move this up here first.
That worked.
No, that didn't work either.
Maybe it's because I put
the serif on the body.
Maybe that's why it's
not working right now.
But this is one possible
way of doing this.
We could make this selector
a little bit more specific.
But basically, we're saying if
the paragraph has a class of club in it,
we can change the font to be sans-serif.
Another way to do this would be,
we could say main p, cool.
I made a mistake somewhere there,
here it is.
[LAUGH] Nobody found it.
I put a semicolon inside
of my parenthesis.
There we go.
All right, so let's try that again,
p: has(.club).
Okay, great.
So if the paragraph has a class of
club inside of it, make it san-serif.
So we're making the paragraph san-serif.
And then what we would do is
we would change club to add
font-family: var(--sarif).
So now, we have our three
font families going on here.
Make sense?
>> p:has is not working for me,
it's not changing anything.
>> What browser are you using?
>> Firefox?
>> That's the reason why [LAUGH].
Yeah, hopefully has will be
supported by Firefox soon, but
unfortunately it's not
supported by Firefox yet.
I know, it's so sad.
Yeah, so not really something you
would wanna do in production,
but we are excited about
has coming to the browser.
So we're still waiting on Firefox, okay.
Any other questions on this?
We've got our font styled.
And the last part of this
is getting this set up so
that we have our tour date on one side and
we have our button on the other.
You have an idea of how to do that?
>> I had a question before that.
>> Sure.
>> So you said you wouldn't
wanna do has for production.
So would you wanna do the main p?
>> You could do the main p, yeah.
So if we did main, which is less cool,
but it works, [LAUGH] main p.
I think absolutely nothing will change.
Except, our buttons change.
So you'll add a serif to the buttons.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah, so p:has(.club) here
would leave the buttons alone.